docs: update faq about ssls and client tls and ssl_trusted_certificate (#8915)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/FAQ.md

    prefix: "/apisix"
```

> ## What is the difference between SSLS and tls.client_cert in upstream configurations, and ssl_trusted_certificate in config-default.yaml?

Reviewer: Use `SSLs` instead of `SSLS`.

Author: Fixed

> The `ssls` is managed through the `/apisix/admin/ssls` API. If APISIX needs to receive HTTPS requests from the Internet, the certificate stored here is used for handshake. Multiple certificates can be configured in SSLS, and APISIX uses Server Name Indication (SNI) to differentiate between certificates of different domains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ssls` is managed through the `/apisix/admin/ssls` API. It's used for managing TLS certificates. These certificates may be used during TLS handshake (between Apache APISIX and its clients). Apache APISIX uses Server Name Indication (SNI) to differentiate between certificates of different domains.
```

> The `tls.client_cert`, `tls.client_key`, and `tls.client_cert_id` in upstream are actually certificates for the client, used in cases where mTLS communication is required with the upstream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `tls.client_cert`, `tls.client_key`, and `tls.client_cert_id` in upstream are used for mTLS communication with the upstream.
```

> The `ssl_trusted_certificate` in config-default.yaml configures a trusted root certificate. It is only used for accessing services with self-signed certificates (such as Keycloak) within APISIX, to avoid prompting that the certificate of the other party is invalid. Note that it is not used to trust the certificates of APISIX upstream, because APISIX does not verify the legality of the upstream certificates. Therefore, even if the upstream uses an invalid TLS certificate, it can still be accessed without configuring a root certificate.

Reviewer: 1. It's not a root certificate, it's a CA certificate.
2. It's not used **only** for self-signed certificates, but for verifying some certificates signed by private authorities.

Author: Fixed

For other ETCD configurations, such as expiration times, retries, and so on, you can refer to the `ETCD` section in the `conf/config-default.yaml` file.

## What is the difference between SSLs and tls.client_cert in upstream configurations, and ssl_trusted_certificate in config-default.yaml?

The `ssls` is managed through the `/apisix/admin/ssls` API. It's used for managing TLS certificates. These certificates may be used during TLS handshake (between Apache APISIX and its clients). Apache APISIX uses Server Name Indication (SNI) to differentiate between certificates of different domains.

The `tls.client_cert`, `tls.client_key`, and `tls.client_cert_id` in upstream are used for mTLS communication with the upstream.

> The `ssl_trusted_certificate` in config-default.yaml configures a trusted CA certificate. It is used for verifying some certificates signed by private authorities (such as Keycloak) within APISIX, to avoid APISIX rejects the certificate. Note that it is not used to trust the certificates of APISIX upstream, because APISIX does not verify the legality of the upstream certificates. Therefore, even if the upstream uses an invalid TLS certificate, it can still be accessed without configuring a root certificate.

Reviewer: > private authorities (such as Keycloak)

It's confusing to see Keyloak here. We never know some examples of private CA. It's better to remove this example.

Author: Okay, I removed
